VGMPlayGUI - List of Planned Functions:
    
    -Add functionality allowing the user to view/edit VGM file headers.
        
            To perform this on VGZ files, an external library for GZip
        compression/decompression is needed.
        
            The header data can be stored in a UDT from a library.
        
    -Add command line parameters.
        
            The user should be able to pass command line parameters to
        VGMPlayGUI in order to accomplish various initialization options or
        to play a VGM file on startup.
        
    -Make the about message more detailed.
        
            The about message should be made to show information about the
        compiler version, the build date, and whether the program is the
        Win32 or Win64 version among other possible information.
        
    -Add multiple File Selection.
        
            By holding Shift or Ctrl, the user can select multiple files.
        This is accomplished by using a List Box with the (LBS_EXTENDEDSEL)
        style, and sending the (LB_GETSELCOUNT/LB_GETSELITEMS) messages.
        
            The user can play mulitple files at once by pressing the play
        button with multiple files selected. This is done by creating a 
        temporary M3U file, which has its path passed to VGMPlay. This file
        contains the paths of the files selected by the user, and is passed
        to VGMPlay.
        
    -Add capability of modifying VGMPlay's initialization file.
        
            This would take the form of a property sheet--likely with
        multiple pages--that allows the user to change the various settings
        in 'VGMPlay.ini', VGMPlay's configuration file. This file is found
        in VGMPlay's folder, and contains VGMPlay's settings.
        
            As for implementation of the INI file access; Richard D. Clark's
        'iniObject' could be employed, since the Windows API functions for
        reading/writing Private Profiles (INI files) are outdated and
        unsupported.
        
    -Improve property sheet cancel prompt.
        
            Check to make sure there are in fact unsaved changes before
        displaying the prompt.
        
    -Add file deletion functionality.
        
            From the context menu, selecting "&Delete" (IDM_DELETE) or
        pressing the Delete key (VK_DEL), while having a file or
        directory selected will bring up a Message Box confirming the
        operation.
    
    Potential Functions (need flushing out):
        -Add an M3U file (playlist) editor.
        -Add file history.
        
EOF
